External Gateway documentation (#430)
clearbank/clearbank.github.io: content/eu/docs/api/external-api/external-api-overview.mdx

## Features

* **Standards-based security** — mutual TLS (mTLS) for client authentication and [FAPI 2.0 Message Signing](https://openid.net/specs/fapi-2_0-message-signing.html) (based on [RFC 9421](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc9421/)) for message integrity.
* **OAuth 2.0 access tokens** — obtained using the `client_credentials` grant from our authentication service.
* **Fine-grained permissions** — scope your access tokens to only the operations you need.
* **Signed responses and webhooks** — every message we send is signed so you can verify it came from us, untampered.
* **Self-service client management** — manage your API clients and signature keys through the ClearBank Portal or the [Client Management API](./manage-your-api-clients).

## Core security and authentication concepts

The External API uses three distinct security mechanisms. Understanding how they fit together will help you as you work through the rest of this guide.

> * **Mutual TLS (mTLS)** — you authenticate your client to us using a registered mTLS certificate. mTLS is required on every connection to our authentication service and our API, including when requesting access tokens.

Reviewer: > including when requesting access tokens.

This bit is a little redundant. It is true that we use mTLS for authentication when requesting access tokens, but what's probably worth saying is that we also use mTLS for incoming requests to do sender constraint on said token. Maybe this sentence could read something like:

> mTLS is required on every connection to our authentication service and our API, this is done both for authentication when requesting an access token, and for sender constraint when using an access token.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Mutual TLS (mTLS)** — you authenticate your client to us using a registered mTLS certificate. mTLS is required on all messages to our authentication service and our API. This is done both for authentication when requesting an access token, and for sender (client) constraint when they use an access token.
```

is sender -> client accurate here?

Reviewer: sender constraint is the technically correct term, but client is synonymous

Author: we just haven't used the lingo anywhere else and I'm not familiar with it. So, I can't use it confidently. If 'client' is OK by you we can keep it and apply the suggestion?

Reviewer: I think it's better to say sender as it's part of the FAPI standards. But it just depends on how it reads for customers
